Typically when you're using forms in a web app,
the form state lives inside of the DOM.
But as we've talked about,
the whole point of React is to more effectively manage state inside of your application.
So, form state typically lives inside of the DOM,
but React is all about safe management.
How do we handle forms in React?
We can solve this problem with what React calls controlled components.
Controlled components are components which render a form,
but the source of truth for the form state lives
inside of the component state rather than inside of the DOM.
The reason they're called controlled components,
is because React is controlling the state of the form.
Here, we have a component which is rendering a form with a single input element.
The first thing to notice is that we've added a value
attribute to our input of this.state.email.
What this means is that the text in the input field is going to
be whatever the email property of our component state is.
Therefore, the only way to update the state in the input field,
is to update the email property of the component state.
As you can tell,
this is a true controlled component because
React is in control of the email property of our state.
If we want the input field to change,
we can create a handleChange method that uses setState to update the email address.
Whenever the input field is changed,
we can call this method by passing it to the onchange attribute.
Although controlled components require a little bit more typing,
they do have some benefits.
First, they support instant input validation.
Second, they allow you to conditionally disable or enable for months.
Third, they enforce input formats.
Now, notice that all of these benefits have to do with
updating the UI based on some user input.
This is the heart of not only controlled components,
but also React in general.
If the state of our application changes,
then our UI updates based off of that new state.